Index, Introduction & Motivation Edits (#134)
dcdpr/did-btc1: chapters/Introduction-and-Motivation.md

#### did:btcr

> BTCR is the original Bitcoin DID method.  It kept its focus on censorship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bitcoin Reference DID method is the original Bitcoin based DID method.  It kept its focus on censorship
```

This addresses https://github.com/dcdpr/did-btc1/issues/109
